---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

###Regex

This week, we covered Regex, a “sequence of characters that define a search pattern” (Wikipedia). It was cool to learn Regex, partly because I had heard a lot about it and had gone over a site or two concerning its workings and its uses. At that time, I was underwhelmed by it, as I had no idea just how I would use it when the technical buzzwords included “AngularJS”, “Node”, “React” and others.

This class opened my eyes in more ways than one. For one, Professor Downing said that Regex would be useful in Phase 3 of our project when we implemented a custom Search bar for our Web application.  For other, Regex was pretty powerful when used with Python, or so it seemed. I am pretty sure that Regex is equally powerful when used with other languages, but since I have only seen it used with Python, I'll stick with Python. Professor Downig showed us some really cool tricks that we could do with Regex and I could begin to see just how immensely useful Regex is.

On Wednesday, we had a talk from Conrad Stoll about Mutual Mobile. It was an intersting talk, as he listed some pretty cool software technologies that they used to make Android and iOS apps.

Rains besieged Austin on Friday and I was fortunate/unfortunate to have escaped it as I was out of town. Fortunate because I didn't have to navigate the flooded streets or get drenched trying to reach school. Unfortunate because the area where I lived was heavily flooded and some of the pictures my friends took were kinda exciting. But oh well. Life.

####Tip of the week

Try out different terminal emulators besides Gnome Terminal. Some of them, like Terminator, Yukuake and Quake are really cool and allow more tweaks than Gnome Terminal. 
