---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

###Exam 1###

So I have not been able to post much as I had issues with my image size. Thankfully Professor Downing told me that it was ok to continue posting blogs without worrying about the image.

So this week was basically exam preparation week. We had our first exam and it was basically over iterators, classes, argument unpacking and some important built in functions in Python. One thing I found out while going over my notes, is that Python can become a very confusing language if key concepts are not kept in mind. The difference between generators, iterators, lists, tuples, is just the beginning. You also have to remember where to use the keyword 'yield' and where to use 'return'. And you should also never forget which data types in Python are mutable and which are immutable. Argument packing and unpacking was a concept on which I frequently got confused. All this made my head spin, but all the TAs and Proctors of my class were immensely helpful to me. 

The exam itself wasn't really bad. There were questions which required a bit of thinking, but overall, I feel that I did much better compared to my Algo exam. In the coming weeks, we will be focusing on Mysql and getting started on the first component of our Web app. I am ready for this!

####Tip of the Week####

This week, while getting into PHP, it is crucial that you know where you save your php files. If you're developing in a Linux environment, save your php files in the /var/www/html folder. It goes without saying that you need to install the entire LAMP (Linux, Apache, Mysql, PHP) stack before.



