---
layout:post
title:Week 13
---

###Design patterns and final project submission
This week in class, we went over design patterns. We learnt about 2 such patterns, Factory Method and Abstract Method. They were interesting topics and we learnt how we could make use of those patterns to make our life easier.

On another note, we turned in our final submission for our web application. This time around, we were more careful with our code and merging and we actually got everything turned in relatively early. We improved our frontend significantly, as well as the layout of our tables. We had quite a hitch when we had to work with TweetCity's API, as their API was not quite well documented and we had no clue as to what we flashy thing we could do with their API. Luckily, Professor Downing was understanding and so we made a graph showing the origin of the tweets on a map. 

All said and done, I still feel that the frontend could have been improved vastly. Our backed was perfect, at least in my opinion. We could have made our pages more attractive. But I think that every project teaches you lessons on what to do and what not to do the next time. So I'm grateful for everything I have learnt while doing this project.

####Tip of the week
Another book recommendation! I recently finished a nail-biting-ish fictional book last week: [Season of Fear](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/22716611-season-of-fear) by Brian Freeman. Check it out if you're into political and mystery thriller! Also, if you're reading this around Thanskgiving, Happy Thanksgiving!
