---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

###More MySQL, submission of first Phase

This week, we basically went over more MySQL commands, like ThetaJoin, NaturalJoin and differences between XML, XML with DTD and XML with XSD. XML looked a lot like a fusion of HTML and SQL code. I plan on getting to learn more of XML as it has extensive applications. 

But the highlight of this week was the work tat we put in for the first Phase of pur Project. Our project was basically a database that stored information about Amerian made cars. The goal of this project was to help developers display information without having to consult large databases that are difficult to navigate. Our project made navigating between the different models easier and it also presented information in a coherent and concise manner. 

This project required a huge time commitment, but I can say with complete certainty that it was time well spent. I learnt a ton while designing the frontend and I know theat all me team members also learnt many things while working on this project. While the first phase required us to make static pages, we are expected to include more Javascript in the next phases, for which I am really excited. I have always wanted to lern Angular, but never had the time to acually explore it. This porject will give me that chance.

####Tip of the week

Debugging HTML is something that I dread, especially since there are no HTML compilers or debuggers to help you out.However, the 'Inspect Element' feature is a great help, as it maps the sections on the page to those in your code, making it easier to narrow down the search for the bug.


