---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---
 
###More MySQL and IDB2

This week, we covered MySQL in more depth. Professor Downing took us through some of the more fundamental operations of MySQL, like joins, subqueries and sets. Since, I had taken a previous database class, I knew a little bit about joins. However, they still confused me. Inner joins, cross joins, left and right joins...too man joins. But Professor Downing explained them in a way that by the end of the class, I was super comfortable with joins. I wouldn't say the same thing about sets and subqueries. While not difficult, it definitely wasn't easy for me to grasp the way those 2 concepts worked. I guess practice will eventual make me perfect.

Also, we had to turn in the second phase of our web application in this week. The last day of submission was one big rollercoaster and I am partly to blame. I didn't start work on this early enough and hence, towards the end, we all hada  bad case of nerves as changes were not compiling, pull requests were conflicting and the server was not being responsive. Somehow, we got all our changes merged and then pushed it to the server in time. However, at that time we didn't realize that the server was probably overloaded with a lot of changes and hence it would take some time for it to reflect the changes. We were scratching our heads as we all were confused, but isnce it was past the submission deadline, we gave in. But the next day, all the changes were reflected, so we were good. 

This project is definitely the one where I have had the most fun, to be honest. All the highs and lows that have come up with the project so far have been totally worth it.

####Tip of the week

I found out that instead of relying on Bootstrap templates, it is much better to actually emulate those templates. In this way, you learn a lot of CSS and you can be proud of your end result. 
