---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

###Refactoring

This week, we focused more on some important concepts of object oriented programming, beginning with refactoring and then moving over to method overriding. While I found refactoriing to be ok, method overriding was an extremely interesting concept. It was refresing to learn these concepts as you could see just what separates a good programmer from a great programmer. 

Refactoring was a concept that I still have trouble grasping. While the concept is pretty clear - to make the code less complex and to get rid of the non-functional attributes of the code, all the while maintaining the performance and efficiency of the code, the example code that Professor Downing took us through was a bit more complicated for my taste. Although I plan to bug the TAs for their help on this one. 

Method overriding, on the other hand, while just as complicated, was very interesting to learn. While Professor Downing went over it, some of his explanations made sense as to why my Eclipse was throwing errors when I was in my intro to Java class. But jokes, aside, it was cool to learn how the presence or absence of one word could affect the output so drastically. 

On Wednesday, we had a talk by two guys from Atlassian, where they highlighted a cool product they were working on, a team collaboration tool, which to me seemed to be a merge of Github, Slack anda ticketing system that I used when I was working for the UT Athletics IT.

####Tip of the Week
Since I don't have any tech related tip of the week to give out, I am gonna recommend a fictional book: [A Prisoner of Birth](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1611988.A_Prisoner_of_Birth) . This book contains it all: romance, revenge, redemption and one of the best courtroom confrontations I have ever read about!
